welcome to the man of recaps this is all
eight original Harry Potter movies Harry
Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone starts
on a dark and stormy night on privet
Drive in England an actual lizard and
which are dropping off a newborn baby
with a lightning scar on his forehead
it's Harry Potter fast forward 11 years
and Harry is living in the cupboard
under the stairs at his evil aunt and
uncle's house he does all the housework
they're basically Cinderella him one day
he gets a mysterious letter but his
uncle won't let him see it things get
out of hand so they traveled to a remote
B&B but knocking down the door is this
giant bear of a man Hagrid he's come to
deliver Harry's letter personally turns
out it's an acceptance letter to the
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and
Wizardry what that's right you're a
wizard Harry that's right hidden all
around us muggles is The Wizarding World
of Harry Potter Hagrid takes Harry to
the bank turns out his parents were
loaded even without the wizard stuff
finding out you're secretly rich is
pretty sweet Hagrid also picks up a
mysterious Sorcerer's Stone shaped
package more on that later anyway Harry
gets his magic wand but turns out it's a
brother wand to the wizard who gave him
his lightning scar the evil Lord
Voldemort
we don't speak his name he's just he who
must not be named and he was a Dark Lord
that terrorized England about 11 years
ago until he killed Harry's parents and
then Harry bounced the spell back and
defeated him whoa
don't worry he's definitely dead not
lurking in the shadows regaining his
power anyway time for school the train
leaves from the imaginary platform nine
and three-quarters
luckily Harry finds a redheaded wizard
family that shows him how to get on and
boom it's the Hogwarts Express
Harry becomes best friends with the
redheaded Ron Weasley and also Hermione
Granger who read all of her spell books
over the summer Hogwarts is a magical
castle with an awesome Great Hall the
headmaster is Albus Dumbledore wisest
kindest and most powerful wizard in the
world the first years have a sorting
ceremony wear a hat places them into one
of Hogwarts as four houses
Gryffindor's are for the good guys and
Slytherin is for a nasty pricks like
Draco Malfoy Ravenclaw and hufflepuff
exist but they don't get a lot of screen
time anyway Harry's sort it into
Gryffindor hooray so they start learning
some magic it's Leviosa not Leviosa
they've got some nice teachers like the
stern but fair Professor McGonagall and
some real a-hole teachers like seven
Snape the potions master who for no
apparent reason seems to hate Harry most
of all turns out witches and wizards
literally ride broomsticks and Harry's a
natural hey so they signed him up for
the Quidditch team there's a lot of
throwing balls through hoops but Harry
is the seeker who chases the Golden
Snitch whoever catches it gets so many
points they basically single-handedly
win the game for Christmas Harry got his
father's old invisibility cloak which
lets him get into all sorts of trouble
one day while exploring the castle they
stumble upon a room guarded by a giant
three-headed dog they ask Hagrid because
he's in charge of animals at Hogwarts he
lets it slip that is guarding the
Sorcerer's Stone and in the Forbidden
Forest someone's been drinking unicorn
blood
oh no it's Boulder Morty wants to steal
the stone and regain his life they do
the responsible thing and tell a teacher
but teachers here aren't really helpful
with these kinds of adventures so they
go themselves turns out someone has
indeed bypassed fluffy they face a
series of challenges that first-year
students can easily pass and at the
bottom it's the defense against the dark
hearts Professor Quirrell no way I was
sure it was that dastardly Snape no it's
me and the back of my head is possessed
by the spirit of Voldemort own he
tackles Harry but Harry's hand burns him
to the touch
yes that's right your mother's love
Harry is too much for the evil Voldemort
to handle so the day is saved except
Slytherin won the house Cup but
Dumbledore is incredibly biased Awards
Harry a million points for saving the
world that seems like a really unfair
way to run a school next is Harry Potter
and the Chamber of Secrets
Harry stays with his aunt and uncle over
the summer but at least he gets a
bedroom now and in that bedroom one day
is a house-elf Dobby who causes some
magical mischief house elves are
basically slaves to wizards but he's
come to warn Harry of a dastardly plot
this year Harry ignores him for now and
hitches a ride with his friend Ron he
meets Ron's younger sister Ginny Weasley
who he may have a banging later they
flew powder to Diagon Alley and meet
Lucius Malfoy who's an even bigger prick
than Draco the Malfoy's are an old
pureblood Wizarding family who looked
down upon muggle-borns like Hermione
anyway they drive to Hogwarts but crash
the car into a tree so it runs off and
hides in the forest their new Defense
Against the Dark Arts professor is
Gilderoy Lockhart who is very charming
but utterly incompetent
it seems the Chamber of Secrets has been
opened this year and students are
showing up petrified Harry knows it must
be Draco so they Bruce and Polyjuice
potion
poses his henchmen Crabbe and Goyle
Hermione's backfires though turns her
into a cat hello Leighton furry fetish
anyway turns out Draco's a prick all the
time but he doesn't know anything about
the Chamber of Secrets but later Harry
finds a mysterious diary holding the
spirit of Tom Riddle Tom shows him the
flashback to the last time the chamber
was opened it was Hagrid he let out the
Beast the giant spider
that's why Hagrid was expelled from
Hogwarts and indeed he's blamed for it
again this year but Harry and Ron go to
the forest to clear his name they find
Haggard's giant spider friend
Aragog Paragon explains he's not the
Chamber monster spiders don't petrify
people basilisks petrified people
spiders do eat people though and hello
by latent arachnophobia luckily their
wild car comes and busts him on out of
there the girls bathroom ghosts Moaning
Myrtle knows the Chamber of Secrets is
right here they do the responsible thing
and tell a teacher but teachers are
useless and it turns out Harry can talk
to snakes that's a very rare ability
called Parseltongue and it's exactly the
thing you need to open Salazar Slytherin
his chamber of secrets
this guy had a big thing for snakes
anyway Ginny Weasley is down there turns
out she found Tom's diary first and it
was possessing her using her to open the
chamber and indeed the spirit of Tom
Riddle is here draining her life so he
can come back see if you include his
middle name Marvolo his name's actually
an anagram for I am Lord Voldemort Harry
thinks that's pretty dumb but he does
control the basilisk
luckily Harry made friends with
Dumbledore Phoenix Fox who comes to save
the day by giving him the sorting hat it
also scratches the basilisk size out so
it can't petrify him but it can still
definitely eat him luckily the sorting
hat contains the sword of Godric
Gryffindor and since he's still not very
good at magic yet he just stabs this
thing with the sword he grabs a basilisk
tooth and stabs the diary which oh yes
explodes the spirit of Tom Riddle so the
day is saved then Dobby shows up his
master turns out as Lucius Malfoy
Harry figures it out that Lucius was the
one who slipped Ginny Weasley the diary
Lucius denies it hands it to Dobby but
inside is a sock turns out if you give a
house-elf a sock
they're freed and their magic is way
stronger than wizards I'm not sure how
they were ever subjugated in the first
place now it's Harry Potter and the
Prisoner of Azkaban over this summer
there's some standard magical mischief
then Harry takes the night bus which can
do some fun magic things its driver is a
shrunken Jamaican head
coked-out Billy Crystal the new danger
is Sirius Black who's escaped from
Azkaban he was the Potters his best
friend but he betrayed them to Lord
Voldemort and now wants to come kill
Harry so the train is searched by the
Azkaban guards the Dementors they feed
on fear and will literally suck out your
soul luckily their new Defense Professor
Lupin is here to scare it away he is
neither evil nor incompetent he's a
fantastic professor teaches them how to
deal with the shape-shifting Bogart's he
does have a secret though and it's made
very obvious that he's a werewolf he
also teaches Harry the Patronus charm
which is how you fight Dementors Hagrid
is also a professor this year teaching
magical creatures unfortunately Draco's
a dick and gets himself scratched by the
Hippogriff and so they're gonna put it
down hermione punches Draco in the face
but they still can't stop it just then
it's a big black wolf hoots the animagus
form of Sirius Black Professor Lupin
busts in but turns out he's working with
black their old friends but they're not
here to kill Harry they're here to kill
Ron's pet rat who's actually their old
friend Peter Pettigrew yes this grown
man's been the Weasleys pet rat for 13
years turns out it was he who betrayed
the Potters to Voldemort Sirius Black's
innocent he's a great guy and actually
Harry's Godfather unfortunately it's the
night of the full moon so Lupin
werewolf's out Peter Pettigrew escapes
in the madness and the werewolf's lured
away but not before he's grievously
injured Sirius the Dementors find him
and harry's Patronus charm is not gonna
be enough they're getting their soul
sucked out but then across the lake a
huge patron hits knocked them all away
so they live but Sirius is still gonna
be executed so Hermione pulls out her
time machine which she was using to take
extra classes they go back in time and
retraced their steps this time they save
Buckbeak they get to the Dement or lake
and harry's like huh someone's standing
right here cast the Patronus that saved
me duh Harry it's your future self boom
big Patronus good job so they help
Sirius escape on the Hippogriff and they
get back just in time for Ron to have
missed out on his whole adventure
unfortunately lupins forced to resign
because parents don't want to werewolf
teaching their kids but other than that
the day is saved
number four is Harry Potter and the
Goblet of Fire the new Defense Against
the Dark Arts professor is mad-eye moody
he's a gruff ex-cop with a magical eye
and a bit of a drinking problem
now Hogwarts is hosting exchange
students this year it's the hot girls
school from France and
cool boy school from Bulgaria it's the
year of the Triwizard Tournament where
the Goblet of Fire picks three wizards
to compete for ultimate glory
it can't be hairy though it's for
seniors only so the Hogwarts champ is
super sexy Twilight guy Cedric Diggory
the other two are Viktor Krum and Fleur
Delacour but wait the Goblet spits out
one more name you guessed it it's Harry
Potter this ruins the whole name of
Triwizard Tournament but rules are rules
gotta let him compete
his first task is to fight a dragon
which Harry is woefully in equipped for
he basically flies around on a broom and
locks his way into winning then it's
time for the winter formal dance Harry's
got a crush on Cho from Raven claw but
he's not much of a ladies man he's like
what's up girl I'm looking for
Gryffindor in the streets
Slytherin in the sheets no I'm saying
that's a hilarious line and in fact you
can buy one on the t-shirt link in the
description or somewhere around here I
hope it's not actually a great pick-up
line though so Harry goes with a random
friend anyway the next challenge is in
under water one long story short Harry
passes and the final challenge is the
mysterious hedge maze Harry and Cedric
get there at the same time and boom the
trophy teleports them to the finish line
wait actually this is a creepy graveyard
and there's Wormtail with a baby
Voldemort girls with no warning they
immediately kill Cedric Diggory what
this is a game of Thrones and it's time
for Voldemort's to add some bone of the
father hand to the servant two little
blood of the enemy luckily it's Pirates
of the Caribbean style only need one
drop and boom stews done you got a fully
reanimated Lord Voldemort his new body
can touch Harry without exploding to
dust so it's time for a wizard's duel to
prove that he's the best
Harry gives it his best effort but wait
this isn't supposed to happen
yes Harry's wand is the brother to
Voldemort's they can't duel so in the
feedback explode and Harry manages to
escape and makes it to the finish line
where he delivers the bad news Cedric's
dead head Voldemort's back mad-eye moody
takes him to safety but turns out his
drinking problems not alcohol it's
Polyjuice potion sees Barty Crouch jr.
The Death Eater and the real mad-eye
Moody has been locked in the trunk the
entire school year where does he poop
anyway the day is saved
except Cedric died and Voldemort's back
so never mind it's not saved at all next
up its order of the Phoenix Harry
finally cut his hair it was getting a
little
back there and late one night some
weird-looking adults creep into his room
what's up kid with the order of the
Phoenix they take him to Sirius Black's
hideout he looks a lot better now after
a shower and shampoo
anyway the Ministry of Magic doesn't
want to believe that Voldemort's back
so they've reformed the order of the
Phoenix the unofficial group to fight
Voldemort at Hogwarts the new Defense
Against the Dark Arts professor his
ministry employee Dolores Umbridge she
is both evil and incompetent she's the
kind of teacher that only teaches to the
test and she enjoys inflicting corporal
punishment on students which is not
allowed at Hogwarts so the ministry
passes a law to make it allowed harrion
friends or croute like-minded students
to Dumbledore's Army where they are
gonna meet in the Room of Requirement
that turns into whatever you need it to
be and Harry will teach them what
defensive spells he actually knows he
tries a new line with Cho sup girl I bet
my Parseltongue can open your chamber of
secrets yeah Harry that one works for
his kiss eventually though Umbridge
finds their room and thinks Dumbledore
is building an army to take over the
ministry
Dumbledore's under arrest but being the
most powerful wizard in the world he's
not going to jail unfortunately this
leaves umbrage totally in charge and
she's gonna torture Harry for more
information but Hermione he's got a
great idea to take her to the Forbidden
Forest to show her Dumbledore secret
weapon which turns out to be Hagrid's
giant half-brother and our herd of angry
centaurs that supposedly rape and murder
her then Harry has a vision of Voldemort
torturing Sirius in the Hall of
prophecies Sarah and the kids go down
there they find the prophecy that states
Harry is in fact the chosen one that's
the only one who can defeat Voldemort
but no it was a trap this crazy lady is
Bellatrix Lestrange Voldemort's most
loyal follower and recent escapee from
Azkaban they're here to get the prophecy
but the kids have been practicing their
magic unfortunately they're still
teenagers and these are adult dark
wizards but serious blacks an adult to
punches Lucius in the face the rest of
the order comes in and they have a big
Wizards battle but no serious is hit by
a Monica Dabra the death spell and he
floats back into this random stone
archway then Voldemort himself shows up
then
Dumbledore himself shows up these two
have a real wizard's battle with all
sorts of crazy spells but in the end
it's clear they're evenly matched so
Voldemort pieces out for now but not
before the Prime Minister shows up and
has to admit Voldemort's back so the day
is somewhat saved now it's Harry Potter
and
blood prints their new teacher this year
is Professor Slughorn
he loves finding kids that will later be
famous but wait he's not Defense Against
the Dark Arts he's a potions master
that means Snape finally gets his dream
job now on his first day he offers a
reward of a luck potion to anyone who
brews the best Harry's got a secondhand
book that was previously owned by the
half-blood Prince he's got all sorts of
notes in the margins on how to do it
better
so Harry follows those and it is much
better than the book Harry wins the luck
potion if you care about Quidditch or
Ron Ron's the new goalie and he makes
out with some girl but that's enough of
that because there's trouble afoot some
girl has been cursed by a cursed
necklace that was intended for
Dumbledore and then Ron's poisoned by a
poisoned whisky intended for Dumbledore
it's almost as if someone's trying to
kill Dumbledore as always Harry suspects
Draco and confronts him with the spell
he saw from the half-blood Prince book
but oh it's a lot more lethal than he
expected
Ginny Weasley makes him throw the book
away having had a bad experience with
the Tom Riddle diary herself she's also
hit her growth spurt and these two have
some chemistry and oh they get smooching
Harry your best friend's sister you dog
meanwhile Dumbledore has been looking
through old memories of Voldemort
there's one where he asks Slughorn about
some dark magic but in the memory
Slughorn doesn't tell him anything it's
been tampered with though he means Harry
to get the real memory Harry befriends
Slughorn but he still won't talk about
it so it's time for some felix
felicitous the luck potion gives Harry
the great idea to basically get Slughorn
stinking drunk and yes indeedy hands
over the memory young Voldemort asked
him about Horcruxes a Horcrux is an item
in which you store a torn off piece of
your soul it can't make you functionally
immortal but it's very dark magic
Voldemort's like huh well hypothetically
if I were to do it I think I'd make
seven Dumbledore was like of course I
should have known Tom Riddle's diary
that was a Horcrux as was this ring that
I found off screen and I think I know
where 1/3 is hidden in a desolate cave
in the centre of a Black Lake though her
crux is hidden under a potion which must
be drank to retrieve it
Dumbledore is like yo bro I'm gonna chug
this whole thing and he starts getting
totally wasted but like a good bro Harry
forces him to chug the rest so they got
the Horcrux but unfortunately zombies
attack but fortunately Dumbledore's the
strongest Wizard of all time so they
make it back but Harry hides because
Draco Malfoy shows up indeed
the Dark Lord chose him to kill
dumbledore it's like yo Draco you're a
huge prick but you're not evil come on
and indeed you start to feel bad for
Draco he was born into this life and the
Death Eaters are the hair to make sure
he goes through with it but Draco
chickens out so Severus Snape has to
step in
what Snape you're my best friend I
trusted you shouldn't have done that old
man Cadabra Oh kills Dumbledore Oh guess
he really was evil this whole time Harry
chases after him and uses the half-blood
Prince spell on him but he deflects it
he's like you dare use my own spell
against me
I'm the half-blood Prince also turns out
the Horcrux locket is a fake someone
named Rab stole it years ago and
replaced it so the day is not saved at
all we're worse than ever next is the
Deathly Hallows Part 1 they got a move
Harry to a safe house so they all drink
some Polyjuice potion for a lot of decoy
Harry's but they're attacked as soon as
they leave
Voldemort himself shows up and they have
another wand battle he's using a
different wand this time but this one
fails him - so Harry's able to escape
and everyone's safe except mad-eye moody
who died r.i.p they're safe behind spell
protections now so Ron's older brother
bill gets married but they get the news
the mystery has fallen and Voldemort to
take it over
so the Death Eaters bust in and start
shooting the place up Harry and his
friends make it out they hide in Sirius
his house and they realize his brother's
initials were Rab turns out he was the
one that had the locket but it was
stolen by this thief who then sold it to
Dolores Umbridge apparently she survived
the centaurs and is part of Voldemort's
new puppet government which is a lot
more evil than the last one
they Polyjuice some employees to sneak
in there and without much of a plan just
smack Dolores and grab the necklace get
out of there just in time but a lot like
the Lord of the Rings one does not
simply destroy a Horcrux and also like
the One Ring when you wear it you become
a whiny little brat they camp in the
woods for a while until Ron gets mad for
no reason and leaves Harry and Hermione
have a silly dance I know they're just
friends but I'd ship it they decided to
visit Harry's old house where they find
a mysterious old lady but she's not an
old lady she's Voldemort snake in
disguise then one night Harry finds a
doe Patronus that leads him to a frozen
lake where there's the Sword of
Gryffindor
instead of using magic he strips down
and goes for a swim forgetting to take
off the cursed necklace luckily Ron came
back just in time they figured this sort
can probably destroy the Horcrux but oh
it fights back it shows Ron the Harry
Hermione fanfic I wrote but Ron's
determined to keep this movie pg-13 now
in Dumbledore's biography turns out the
dark wizard Grindelwald he defeated well
they used to be best friends and he
signed a letter with this mysterious
symbol which also appears in this other
book and Luna Lovegood 'he's dad was
wearing it Oh Luna Lovegood is one of
their friends by the way she's real nice
but a bit strange they visit her dad and
he tells them about the Deathly Hallows
it's an old lizards fairy tale about
three brothers who tried to cheat death
one got the Elder Wand to beat all ones
one took the resurrection stone to bring
back the dead and one had an
invisibility cloak a lot like Harry's
but he pulls a lando calrissian I'm
sorry I had no choice cuz he had to
betray them the Death Eaters come and
they get out of there but then there's
some bounty hunters find him they take
them to the Malfoy's and throw him in
the dungeon with this motley crew then
Dobby the house-elf shows up he's
unaffected by teleportation wards so he
bust them out they have a little fight
and Dobby gets him out of there but not
before Bellatrix throws a knife and
stabs Dobby
No meanwhile pulled him or it's sick and
tired of Wands failing him so he tracks
down the legendary Elder Wand and
realizes the last owner who was
Dumbledore
so Voldemort Elder Wand yes unlimited
power now it's the grand finale Deathly
Hallows part-2
they rescued a goblin from the Malfoy's
dungeon and with the help of some
Polyjuice potion he agrees to sneak them
into Gringotts Bellatrix's vault is
guarded by an actual dragon and also
everything in there has the duplication
curse on it so things get out of hand
pretty quickly they managed to get
another Horcrux but the goblins betray
them so they have to free the dragon and
bust on out of there
Voldemort finally realizes they're
hunting his Horcruxes and Harry sees in
his mind that there's one in Hogwarts
related to ravenclaw
so they warp outside Hogwarts and meet
tumbled or his less famous brother who
has a secret passage to the castle in
his room Hogwarts is a dreary place now
with headmaster Snape in command but
Harry stands up to him and McGonagall
comes too and they have a teacher fight
and Snape runs away so Hogwarts is free
but Voldemort shows up with his full
army and he can easily break down the
barrier and it's the Battle of Hogwarts
epic battle but our main characters are
on Horcrux Duty they grab a bass
Fang and stab the cup and Ron and
Hermoine finally make out they've had
kind of a romance going this whole time
Harry talks to the ghost of Ravenclaw
and finds the Horcrux is her lost diadem
but Draco's there to stop him
unfortunately his henchmen are pretty
dumb and accidentally set the whole
place on fire
Harry's escaping on a broom but he goes
back and saves Draco yeah people ship
that too so they destroy that and
Voldemort realizes he's just got one
Horcrux left his snake Nagini now even
the Elder Wand has been failing him and
Voldemort realises it's because Snape
killed Dumbledore he's the true master
of the wand sorry but you've been a
loyal servant but I have to kill you he
leaves him to bleed out so Harry gets to
see Snape's final memory tears
turns out Snape and Harry's mother Lily
were childhood best friends and he loved
her all through the years even when she
married his bully Potter so when
Voldemort killed her Snape was broke in
so from that moment on Snape was a good
guy and all these years he's been
protecting Harry but Dumbledore made
Snape keep his cover as a Death Eater
all these years in case Voldemort came
back even ordering Snape to kill him
when the time came oh you see the dough
was Snape's Patronus because that was
Lily Potter's animal you still love her
after all this time always oh I'm crying
everywhere anyway Voldemort's called a
ceasefire because he wants Harry to come
1v1 I'm in the forest
Harry shows up for the final battle but
it's not much of a tool of old amour
basically one-shot sim so Harry's dead
but Dumbledore is there to explain it's
not actually the afterlife
you see when Harry was a baby Voldemort
accidentally made him a Horcrux so it
was his own soul that Voldemort just
killed inside Harry but Harry plays dead
for now and folded more it goes back to
Hogwarts like I did it darkside one he
promises to be less of an evil overlord
and more of a creepy uncle but Neville
Longbottom won't stand for that he's
ready to keep fighting
Neville you've come such a long way
since year one in fact he looks like
this now he's Neville hot bottom so he
pulls the Sword of Gryffindor from the
hat and Harry gracefully lets everyone
know he's still alive so it's Hogwarts
battle around two and it ends with the
final beam battle between era and
Voldemort but Harry has the power of
so he starts winning what the Elder Wand
fails me how you see it was Draco who
disarmed Dumbledore and then later Harry
disarmed Draco so the true master of the
Elder Wand is Harry Potter
Neville slashes that final Horcrux and
he-who-must-not-be-named the immortal
Dark Lord Voldemort is finally defeated
interestingly this leaves Harry as the
master of all three Deathly Hallows he's
got the invisibility cloak in the Elder
Wand and Dumbledore secretly gave him
the resurrection stone which doesn't
actually do much lets you talk to your
memories of the deceased but Harry snaps
the wand figures that's too much power
for one person and the day is all the
way saved in the epilogue our
twenty-year-old heroes are doing their
best to look 37 as they send their kids
off to Hogwarts and that's how the Harry
Potter saga comes to an end
congratulations you've made it thanks
for watching this long video if you like
my style hit that subscribe button I'm
bringing you the best recaps of TV shows
and movies like the first fantastic
beasts make sure you watch that before
you see crimes of Grindelwald in
theatres
[Music]